1. data warehouse   ..1. A comprehensive collection of data about a company and its customers.
2.robot.. A device, controlled by a human operator or a computer, that can move and react to 
sensory input
3.CAD .. A general term applied to the use of computer technology to automate design 
functions
 4.Neutral network.. An expert system in which the human brain’s pattern-recognition process is emulated by the comput
5.GIS..An information system that combines geographic information with other types of 
data (such as information about customers, sales, and so forth) in order to provide a 
better understanding of the relationships among the data
6.System analyst..6. A person who studies systems in an organization in order to determine what work 
needs to be done and how this work may best be achieved
7.TPS..7. A type of information system that processes and records data created by an organization’s business transactions
8.MIS.. A type of information system that provides decision makers with preselected information that can be used to make middle-man
9.SDLC.. The process consisting of the six phases of system development: preliminary investigation, system analysis, system design, system acquisition, system implementation, 
and system maintenance
10. BI....The process of analyzing data to evaluate a company’s operations.


Question No1
maintance. 
a.  ................. The final phase of the SDLC.    
Analysis.b.  .................  The phase that involves studying the existing system in depth.                
Implementation...c.  .................  The phase in which the old system is converted to the new system.                         
acquisition....d. The phase that involves RFP or RFQ preparation and benchmark tests
Primary investigation...e. The phase in which a feasibility study is performed
design...f. The phase that generates system specifications and a cost-benefit analysis

Question no 2:
 CAD...a. A robot painting cars in a factory.
MMIS.. b. A manager receiving the same type of report every month.
 c. A person buying a software package on the World Wide Web.
 d. An architect using a computer system to plan the layout of an office buildin















